This board is an embedded system based on the STM32F405RGT6 microcontroller. It incorporates an MPU9250 Inertial
Measurement Unit for attitude estimation, an SPL06-007 barometer for altitude estimation and a TESEO-LIV3F GNSS
receiver for position estimation. There is also a second Radio Transceiver board (based on the nRF24L01+ transceiver)
that is connected as a shield to the Flight Controller board. You will find all the necessary PCB design files from
Altium and KiCad inside the respective folders. The firmware is not finished yet, but you will find most of the
existing files inside the 'Firmware' folder, including ST's HAL drivers generated by STM32CubeMX, an SPL06-007
driver, an nRF24L01+ driver, a Kalman Filter implementation in C++, as well as a PID Controller implementation both in
C and C++. The MPU9250 driver, a Complementary Filter implementation, as well as the main.c function are coming soon.
The basic idea is that we read the values from all our sensors, we deploy some state estimation and sensor fusion
algorithms, and we use these states to control a quadcopter UAV. There is also an additional 'Radio Controller
(Ground Module)' board, that you will find on my GitHub page, which we can use to remotely control the quadcopter's
altitude using the on-board potentiometer.

P.S. These boards are not perfect in any way. They have a lot of design mistakes, since they were 2 of my first boards.
I've learnt a lot since, and i keep getting better with each board that i design. If you have any questions, please
contact me at chrisefthalidis@gmail.com